[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we have Sergeant Clifford
Stone, ex-military person who
has been involved with
extraterrestrials.
Sergeant Stone, welcome
to the show today.
>>CLIFFORD STONE: Thank
you, sir, once again,
it's my great
pleasure to be here.
>>EMERY: In your
experience, have you ever
been exposed to the inside
of an extraterrestrial craft?
>> STONE: There were times that
I had to go inside the craft
itself.
>>EMERY: What was that like?
>> STONE: It was scary.
You never knew what to expect.
No two events were
exactly identical.
And you never knew
what to look for.
I'd have to go in
and from time to time
the guy I always called
the Colonel would
have me doing things.
I wasn't a mechanic.
I had no technical
knowledge of anything.
And one thing I want
to make clear from the
get go, in each instance,
every craft we went into--
on Sci-Fi movies, it looks
like they hadn't been
doing their house cleaning.
They were like clinically
clean, like you
were in a surgical room.
They didn't have cobwebs,
things of this sort.
But the situation is,
is that you go in there,
and you've just entered
another reality.
I mean, here it is, we
have a craft 30-35 foot
diameter on the outside.
This would have been
in 1986 I believe.
We went in and there were
several instances like this.
But it never ceases
to amaze you.
30-35 foot diameter
on the outside.
And you're awed when you go in
there, because you're thinking,
OK, something's not right here.
Because it looks much
bigger on the inside.
But how can that be?
It's only 30-35 foot
diameter on the outside?
It couldn't be any
bigger than that.
And it definitely couldn't be
bigger than that on the inside.
But when you go in,
I can explain it now.
But it's hard for
people to understand.
It was hard for me to understand
when I first heard about it.
But then you'd go ahead and look
up because this only may be,
what?
12 feet high,
things of this sort.
Yet here it is.
This was maybe, I don't know,
40-50 foot tall on the inside.
And I'm wondering,
how can this be?
So we would go ahead
and measure that.
The interesting thing,
you saw no lights.
But it was perfectly
bright on the inside.
Not overlit, not underlit.
You had no problem seeing.
But then, here it is.
Remember, we're working on it.
I have to stress this,
30, 35 foot in diameter.
But then you have like ladders
that go up on several levels,
maybe three.
I'm going to say three.
It could have been more,
but at least three levels.
Then you'd had little
walkways there.
And you'd have
compartments there
that people, or entities--
I'm sorry, I still
consider them to be
people within their own right--
that would go in there.
I don't know whether they
were living quarters, what
they were actually there for.
But they served a purpose.
But there were rooms
onboard the craft.
>>EMERY: Was there a type of
cockpit or chair or anything
like that?
>> STONE: A control compartment
which they obviously had.
The way I remember it, there
was like a control panel.
There was two seats in front.
There was a seat in back.
And on back over where the
entrance was on each side,
there was a seat there.
Now, the control panels was
unique in that they didn't
have, like onboard
a fighter aircraft
you have a control stick.
It was like, I know
this now but it was just
the impression at the time
that they were controlling
with the instruments
they had by just
putting their hands over
it and moving them over it.
And they could control
the craft that away.
And the whole situation is,
they could program the craft
to be like on automatic pilot
by certain motions of the hand.
And there was also
an avoidance system
where they wouldn't
crash into one another.
They would get real close
to aircraft, our aircraft,
but just before there
would be a collision,
they would immediately
go ahead and break off
from making contact
with the aircraft.
They had other rooms
that looked like there
was some type of
things going on within.
They were electronic
components or something
that they were working with.
I have no idea what they were.
But you also had
areas that looked
like they were living
quarters because they had
like cots, things of that sort.
And I'm using the wrong
word cots because--
>>EMERY: You know,
for a general idea.
>> STONE: Like on a submarine
is the best way to put it.
They also had, I guess where
they would go and change
into various types of clothing
that they would have to wear
to do certain functions.
They had all of that there.
But here again, where you'd go
ahead and expect to find trash
cans where they'd have
trash put into, uh,uh.
Trash, uh,uh.
I mean, they were
just so clinically--
it's hard to describe it.
>>EMERY: What kind of clothing?
And what did it look like?
>> STONE: Well, they had
different colors like white.
They had yellow.
They had red.
>>EMERY: Were they two piece,
three piece, ten piece?
>> STONE: They all
looked like one piece.
And once again, how
did they get into them?
But it looked like
one size fit all.
That was the opinion that I had.
>>EMERY: Right.
One fascinating thing
I learned from you,
you mentioned a propulsion unit.
>> STONE: Not with this craft
because I didn't have to go
to it.
We went on one craft and
the craft was like a small--
the engine, the propulsion unit
was like a matchbox, as small
as a matchbox.
You know, I turned to the guy
I always called the Colonel,
this can't be a propulsion unit.
This might be a component.
But how are you going
to get a craft this big
to go as fast as it was
going on this small little--
And it was rectangular.
>>EMERY: And this is before you
realized size did not matter
in this field of science?
>> STONE: Oh, absolutely.
>>EMERY: I believe also
through my experience
when being on these craft and
still only when they're on,
it has their own gravitational
field around them.
Which means they're
actually in their own space.
So when you walk on there,
now you're in their space.
And it could be as big as the
Empire State Building inside.
But look on the outside, it's
as big as a bowling ball.
>> STONE: Oh, absolutely.
And I hesitate to bring this
up but it's a key point.
And I'm not a scientist.
I can't explain it.
But a lot of times you may
have a craft that to us
would be maybe a little
bigger than this.
But yet, you and I could walk
around and have plenty of space
on the inside.
You know, you're
working multidimensional
within the craft itself.
But it's all interconnected.
And I don't know
how to explain that.
It's hard to describe this.
It's hard to put into words.
Like, in this instance,
I'm a layperson.
I know what I saw.
I can try to put it
into words to articulate
what it was I saw.
But it's hard to do.
>>EMERY: Were there other
people there with you
when you came in there?
>> STONE: Oh, absolutely.
>>EMERY: Was it how many--
What was your team made up of?
>> STONE: Now, with my team
we had maybe 15 to 20 people
on each of the NBC teams.
But you could draw
upon the resources
of the nearest military
installation, which
we did quite frequently.
Because our team was
specifically geared to do
certain things, each
member of our team.
We would go up on
other resources
to go ahead, maybe for
other vehicles and drivers
to move some of the stuff
that we wanted to move, some
of the debris, even
up to and including
the whole craft at times.
But also to provide
perimeter security
for where the object was.
Because we did not want
people coming in and ask
questions about why we were
there and what we were doing.
>>EMERY: Did you see
any language on board?
>> STONE: I saw things, but it
wasn't like English or anything
like that.
They actually looked like,
the best thing I can do
is say they were hieroglyphics.
And that may not even
be the appropriate term.
But you know, they were symbols.
But I knew right
from the beginning,
this was, like us
writing English,
this was their language.
And to them, they
knew how to read it.
And they were explaining
certain things
in their language
for their people.
And they had even what
you'd consider desks.
What I thought to be
writing instruments,
they definitely didn't
look like ink pens,
but they were
writing instruments.
This little thing that if
you went and tried pick it up
and you got close to
where the desks were,
it would start to make lines
on it wherever you moved it,
and you wasn't touching it.
And I'm sitting back, OK,
this doesn't make sense.
There's nothing between
my hand and what I was
referring to as the desktop.
But it's doing this.
And it's all because of a little
container over to the side
when you touched it and
brought your hand down.
And of course, I had
to be shown to do this.
What do you think
of this, Stoney?
Hey, that's cool.
I wonder if I can
get one for my room.
But the whole
situation is, we didn't
know what it was all about.
Now, it didn't stay.
But when we brought
in like a parchment,
we felt, OK, this was
the paper they use.
When we brought that
in and brought it over,
then it actually
made lines on it.
You could actually
write something on it,
without a pen in hand, just
like you brought your hand
across whatever this was.
But then they could go ahead,
and I figured, OK, they
could have fingered it.
They could write in
their own language.
>>EMERY: Sarge, when you
walked onto this craft,
did you experience any
physical anomalies?
>> STONE: There were times
you experienced things.
For example, when you
go from a low elevation
to a higher elevation, you
would have like your ears pop.
You would feel like there
was a heavy pressure on you
from time to time.
And you would experience this
when you went from compartment
to compartment.
And how do I explain that?
I don't know.
>>EMERY: Each compartment
is inter-dimensional.
>> STONE: Absolutely.
And also it created
its own atmosphere.
And at times, you might feel
you've been on the craft
for only a couple
minutes, get out
and find out that maybe
an hour or two had passed.
And I don't know
how to explain that.
Now, did somebody in the team
know what that was all about?
I'm quite sure that
the guy I always
called the Colonel and
his associates, they knew.
But they never felt that it's
necessary to explain it to us.
They'd just tell
us, you're dealing
with a different reality.
That's all you need to know.
And yeah, you were.
And you experience
different realities
while you were dealing with
this different reality.
So there were things
that happened.
There's no way to explain it.
At least I can't explain it.
>>EMERY: Did they ever find
out where this craft came from?
>> STONE: I'm sure they did.
And they probably knew
even before we got there.
But here again, if you did
not have a need to know,
they didn't set you--
always remember, this
was a dish-shaped object.
When we were debriefed
as we were getting
ready to leave-- because
you were always debriefed,
most of the times
you had an in-brief--
but you were debriefed.
And you were never
told, OK, this
is an extraterrestrial craft
that came from Booma-booma
and galaxy XYZ.
No, no, you were
never told that.
This was an experimental
craft that we go all the way
back to Project
1794 where we we're
trying to build the
first flying disks.
So we have got it
perfected where
we have a disk-shaped
object or disk-shaped craft.
But it's not perfected yet.
So we had a little accident
here and we have to recover it.
And that's what you
people are out here for.
We have an effective cover
story, and this is what it is.
If people know you're
out here in this area
and involved with this, this
is what you need to tell them.
We also had to coordinate
with local law enforcement
if there was any there.
We also had to be very
careful about the situation
with the media because
there were times
that they tried to
bring the media out,
and we want to know
what's going on.
The one time it got
way out of hand,
and it's creating problems
even to this day--
December 9, 1965,
Kecksburg, Pennsylvania.
>>EMERY: What happened?
>> STONE: They had a
craft that crashed there.
We went ahead and tried to
say it was a Soviet satellite.
It split the town.
Those who said that nothing
happened to where-- yeah
was a Soviet satellite.
To those who said, I went
back there, I saw it.
It was a spacecraft.
When they went ahead and
took it through the back gate
of Lockbourne Air Force
Base, I was actually there.
I was staying with my brother
at the time who was in the Air
Force and stationed there.
The guy I always called Captain
Brown came and got me and says,
I want to show you something.
Now, I'm quite sure at
that time he thought
it was a Soviet satellite.
And he was going
to go back there
to try to help convince me that
a lot of this stuff people,
people get mixed up, and this.
We may read about
it being a UFO,
but it is in fact, nothing
more than a Soviet satellite.
Well, we went back there.
He parked outside the
flight line fence.
They brought it in
through the back gate.
And they took it to the RV
reconnaissance 47 hangar
because that was the most
secure hangar there on base.
They took it back
there, closed the door,
and I had to stay in the car.
The air policeman
saw me back there,
but didn't say anything to me.
He knew that the captain
drove the car up there.
It was a staff car identified
as a US Air Force vehicle.
So they were walking
around there.
And I remember it
was cold that night.
There was no snow or
anything, but it's
a really, really cold night.
If I remember correctly, the
moon was bright that night.
And he talked to another air
police that came over to him.
And they were
talking about, what
do you think this is all about?
Because these people
were not supposed
to be out there
walking the perimeter
for that gate at that time.
And they said, the brass
brought something in here
that they're curious about.
That's all we know.
So while they were
standing out there,
we were there for maybe
a half hour or so.
Then they opened the hangar up.
Now, there's two staff
cars that come out
in place of the gun jeeps.
And the cab of the
18-wheeler is now
a commercial cab, an overhead.
That's one that doesn't have
a hood on the front of it.
You had to actually
lift the whole thing up
to get to the engine.
But now they're going
on to Wright-Patterson.
Then the captain, the person
I always called Captain Brown,
he came out and he
was white as a sheet.
He came over towards
the vehicle while they
brought this stuff out, and they
stopped the truck real quick.
Because immediately you started
to hear this whirling sound.
And then you had like
this bluish-like glow
coming up from
underneath the tarpaulin.
>>EMERY: Oh, my goodness.
>> STONE: Then you had people
who were in white suits,
like scientists, that were
running around while all
of this was going on.
I know you had the military-type
people who were concerned
and kind of--
there was fear there.
It's the best way to put it.
But they wound up going
to Wright-Patterson.
That was their destination.
I know when they got
there they probably
had reporters waiting to
see the gun jeeps along
with the military cab
carrying the low-boy.
So the reporters who
were there, they never
ever knew when they brought
that thing into the base.
But I asked the captain
when he got out, I said,
was that a Russian satellite?
And he said just like
this, no, no, that
was not a Russian satellite.
We'll just forget
it for now, OK?
You know, we never
talked about it no more.
>>EMERY: That's good
confirmation though.
Because if there was nothing
big, he would just say it.
You've been involved with
another craft that you were on.
I'd like you to
elaborate on that.
>> STONE: There were actually
several craft that I was
involved with.
There was another one that was
essentially inside/outside was
proportionate, per se.
And this one was
maybe a 50-foot craft.
But the one unique
thing about it
was that it had like a
slit between the wall.
And there was a bright
light in the back.
We wanted to know what
that bright light was.
So I went ahead and took
a paperclip, bent it,
tried to put it
back there to see
if I could drag the bright
light out or at least feel
that there is something there.
But it was just dead
space I was hitting.
But when I turned
it, it kind of made
the opening open up a little.
Then the craft started
to vibrate like that.
The guy standing on my right
said, what happens next?
And in a military manner
and way of speaking, I said,
I don't have the foggiest idea.
The vibration stopped.
Then they suggested that
we don't go ahead and try
to dig that light no more.
>>EMERY: Who told
you and instructed
you to go after this light.
The same guy that I
always know that I always
called the Colonel.
He was actually always,
how can I put this?
He was my shadow when
we went on these--
the investigating.
I took specific orders from him.
No one else had
the situation where
they were to tell me anything.
And everything
and anything I did
was to be reported
directly back to him.
Most of the other people,
to the best of my knowledge,
had nothing to do with having
knowledge about the UFO
being extraterrestrial.
Everyone knew it was
not an earthly craft.
But they'd always downplay that
and try to convince everyone.
It's very much an earthly craft.
And most people when
they got out of it,
they didn't want to
talk about it anymore.
>>EMERY: How was the inside
of the craft compared
to the others?
>> STONE: Now, in this instance,
you actually had a cockpit
on top of the craft.
You had there, once again
you had three seats.
You had two in
front, one in back.
That I'm pretty sure, it's where
they were controlling the craft
from.
You had rooms, but you didn't
have that big bay area.
And like I say, this is
a much smaller craft even
on the inside.
There was no difference
from the inside
and the outside as far as size.
>>EMERY: Were these
seats that you
have seen in the
craft, the three seats,
did they have controls on them?
How large were they?
Were they for smaller
beings or larger beings?
>> STONE: The seats on this
craft were much smaller like
for smaller entities.
But at the same time, the
seats were comfortable.
They were what you'd call if
you sat on them-- if you wanted
to be warm, you'd be warm.
If you wanted to be a little
cool, you'd be a little cool.
They did not have this.
I mean, they looked
like pure metal seats
but yet they didn't
make you feel
like you were sitting on metal.
And in front, there
was that control panel
again with the seats in front.
You had with the one
in back on this craft,
you had a control
panel back there.
And I don't know
who was the pilot
and what the other two
were supposed to be doing.
But all three were connected
to the operation of the craft.
>>EMERY: What were the colors
of the craft inside and out?
>> STONE: Inside and
out, they were gray.
I mean, you know, metallic gray.
Period.
The panels, they had
different colors,
you know, the
gauges and all that.
Some of the control panels
were controlled instrument.
I'll put it that way.
>>EMERY: How big were
these control panels?
>> STONE: Hmm, they were maybe
about that big and in front
of each of the seats.
>>EMERY: About three feet.
>> STONE: 3 and 1/2, 4
feet, something like that.
>>EMERY: Was anything
displayed on there?
>> STONE: Oh, they had gauges.
And some of them
were like the gauges
I told you about before
that seemed two-dimensional,
some of them were
three-dimensional
on some of the craft.
On this craft, they
had some of both.
They had some
three-dimensional gauges.
Then they had the
two-dimensional gauges.
This one also had switches.
Those switches were black.
>>EMERY: Like a toggle switch.
>> STONE: And I don't know
what that was all about.
In the center between the two
panels, you had a large screen.
And I'm pretty sure that was
to view maybe the ground.
Now, you could see
outside of the cockpit.
But this large screen, it
could be for surveillance
on the ground or
something like that.
I'm quite sure they
had a setup that
was similar to us taking
photographs, taking pictures.
But from their technology
and from their perspective.
Then it was operational when
we went aboard the craft.
Why it was there?
It was intact, but there
was no entities, no bodies.
>>EMERY: What was the
shape of the craft?
>> STONE: This craft was much
more like an egg-shaped craft
because it was larger in front.
Than it curved to the back.
>>EMERY: What dimensions
are we looking at?
>> STONE: Right here
we're looking at a craft
that's probably about 30-35 foot
long and maybe 12 to 15 foot
tall.
>>EMERY: What other
shapes of craft
have you seen in the past?
>> STONE: I saw a
cigar-shaped craft.
I did not have the
privilege of going in it.
I had to stay out.
There was an opening, and there
were people going in and out.
But you know, they had
specific testing to do.
There have been other craft
that appear to be like,
I don't know how to put
this, but lin-shaped craft.
>>EMERY: And did you notice
anything in particular
about all the crafts that
maybe had something in common?
>> STONE: Not that I can recall.
The, shall I say,
battleship gray or whatever,
was a commonality
among all of them.
I mean, you they wasn't
looking to go ahead and have
spectacular colors,
things of this sort.
The lights they had,
wasn't like the lights
we have on our craft.
They didn't really
need the lights.
The lights actually
served a purpose
of aiding in their
mode of propulsion.
And I can't explain that because
I actually ask OK, why is it
they have sometimes blue lights,
sometimes red and blue lights,
sometimes just white lights?
And the way the Colonel
thought and explained it to me,
he said, well, I guess I can
tell you that the lights have
nothing to do with letting
other craft that might be around
them know that
they're there, it has
everything to do with
their propulsion system.
And I don't know how
that came into play.
But that's what I
was told at the time.
>>EMERY: Do the craft have
some of the same symbols?
>> STONE: Well, from when I
saw, I have to use the term
hieroglyphics because I
don't know any other term,
they would vary
from craft-to-craft.
I don't remember having
two exactly identical.
But the key point to
remember is that out
of me seeing some
of these, there
were a total of 12 instances
that I was involved with.
And with that 12 that
I was involved with,
I didn't see all the
crashes that occurred.
The situation is
that there could
have been craft that originated
from the same cultures, that
crashed at other locations,
people saw those.
This was just the exposure
that I had to the craft
that I was involved with.
>>EMERY: Of all these craft
that you investigated,
were there any
lifeforms on board?
>> STONE: There was lifeforms
on a couple that I was involved
with.
The one in Indiantown
Gap, Pennsylvania.
Now I didn't go on
board that craft,
but I actually got to
see the entity half out
of the side opening of the
craft underneath the cabin.
I know there were at least
three bodies in that craft.
The other craft had like
a Chinese figure on it.
And in this instance,
the entity was injured.
They went ahead.
And now, there's only one
which is hard to explain.
Because I have every
reason to believe that when
they came to that
craft, they were trying
to get all of their people.
Because they were going to come
and try to rescue their people.
To leave the one behind, that
that was kind of weird and kind
of strange.
But we went ahead
and we actually
rendered first-aid to it.
And they moved it off.
That was the first thing they
did when we got on scene where
that happened.
That was the Wyoming crash.
>>EMERY: And that
was the only time
you saw beings that
were either dead
or they've already
been taken off
the craft before you got there?
>> STONE: As far as them being
associated with a craft site
that I was at, the one I
helped there at Fort Belvoir,
Virginia.
I wasn't aware of what
type of craft it got off.
I don't even know how they came
into possession with that one.
>>EMERY: Who is
responsible for removing
the bodies of these beings
before your team gets there?
>> STONE: Well, a lot of times,
it may not have been us that
removed the bodies or the
survivors had no injuries
to them.
Like I say, they'd send
out a distress call.
And a lot of times
their own people
would show up first
before we even got there.
We were to stop and
go into a staging mode
if their people were
there rescuing them.
We were not to go ahead
and move in on them.
Why that was, I have no idea.
I mean, maybe we could
have offered assistance.
But that wasn't the game plan.
You had normally two
teams that would show up.
You'd have the A team,
which was the first one
to arrive within
the first two hours.
Then you would have
the B team, they
had to be there
within four hours.
So was there a B
team or an A team
that arrived there before us?
I don't know because
they never designated.
The only time I had a
designated was there
at Indiantown Gap, Pennsylvania.
>>EMERY: Was there
any time a pilot was
needed to take the craft out?
Or did they always just
airlift the craft out
or take it on a flatbed?
>> STONE: We never flew one out.
And right now, I'll tell
you, the interesting thing
about that is that you hear
all these talks about we back
engineered a flying saucer.
And we're flying them.
Well, and it wasn't the guy
I always called the Colonel.
This was an older guy.
And I'm quite sure
he was a scientist.
And I'd say a civilian
scientist because he
didn't talk like military.
Anyhow, he went ahead
and he said, you know,
we might be able to
get a pilot to where
we can go ahead and get him
to lift one of these things
off into the air and fly it
around for a little while.
The problem we would
have is getting
him to land it in one piece.
So no, I don't think.
Now, did we back
engineer specific craft
that was similar to
some of these craft?
But far removed from the real
technology that was involved
in that craft, did we do that?
Have we been flying?
I would suggest, yes,
we have done that.
>>EMERY: And how could
you tell the difference
between an alien
re-production vehicle
and a real
extraterrestrial vehicle?
>> STONE: The ETs have certain
functions that their craft can
do that ours can't.
And one thing that
we don't have which
we may have is the
cockpit, or the pilots
compartment within
its own right has
an atmosphere within itself.
The reason I state
that, it can do
turns and maneuvers
that would kill
a pilot in a regular aircraft.
We have experienced situations
with some of our aircraft
under combat conditions
whereas some of the maneuvers
will actually cause some
of our pilots to pass out,
normally it's just
for a couple seconds,
but we know this has happened.
With the craft I'm talking about
right now, it doesn't happen.
If the pilot were to pass out
for just a couple of seconds
in the craft that I'm
talking about right now,
we would lose both the
pilot and the craft.
>>EMERY: With your own
gravitational field,
I just believe that they can
do an unlimited amount of speed
because you're not in this 3D.
You have created this
ionosphere around you.
So everyone in the craft
can do 1,000 miles an hour,
make a right-hand turn.
And they don't know
or feel anything
because they're like
barely in this dimension.
>> STONE: Well, yeah, I
mean, the whole situation is,
is that they're in a world all
to themselves because they have
that atmosphere.
And they're not
feeling the G-Forces
that are being exerted.
And also, you've
got to understand
that there's something
special about the craft too.
Because when the craft is
going through these gyrations
of speed, two things happen.
One, they're supposed to be
displacing the air around them
where it goes over
the craft, collapse
making a loud sonic
boom behind the craft.
This isn't happening.
I don't know why.
There's no explanation for that.
Also, when a craft
is going that fast,
it generates a lot of
heat on that aircraft.
Yet the aircraft is not
disintegrating in flight.
And we're not talking
1,000-2,000 miles an hour.
We're talking speeds maybe up
to 5,000-6,000 miles an hour
in the atmosphere.
>>EMERY: What did you personally
experience from all of this?
>> STONE: The bottom line is
that it was more confirmation
that we are not alone
in the universe.
What brought great
concern to me was
that we are learning that
they were not hostile
towards us, that we were
learning, if we gain anything
from gathering advanced
technology here,
it should be for the
advanced technology
to get us to explore other
places in the cosmos.
I already knew that we
were a world in quarantine
because if we go ahead
with our warlike ways,
they're not going to let
us go out into space.
>>EMERY: Sergeant Stone, thank
you for coming on this show.
>> STONE: Thank you, sir.
It's my pleasure to be here.
>>EMERY: This is
"Cosmic Disclosure,"
and I'm Emery Smith
until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]